in this video we'll show you Traktor
Kontrol s4 the fully integrated hardware
and software DJ performance system by
Native Instruments essentially the s4 is
a four channel DJ controller mixer high
quality sound card and the all new
tractor Pro s4 software and a one-stop
package one of the most innovative new
features however is the brand new loop
recorder and sample dos the sample decks
are an alternative to track decks the
default setup and tractor Pro s4 is to
have 2 decks for full tracks and 2
additional sample decks let's see how
shifty incorporates live loop editing
using the loop button cue point juggling
and even turntable scratching with the
s4 s jog wheels totally remix in the
tetris melody using a loop from tractor
Pro s4's loop library
you can also fire off one shots with the
sample decks as you can see in his next
routine using Mike Tyson speech samples
and one shot samples like horn stabs
with tractor you can not only sing
tracks up perfectly the same applies to
loops that you can trigger in perfect
sync with your running tracks and
control their volume and EQ directly
within the sample deck using dedicated
buttons for volume and the amazing
sounding filters and the best part is
that you can now grab loops on the fly
out of a running track and load them
directly into a sample deck slot as
shifty will show in the upcoming
performance
the loop that was grabbed from the
running track can be stored in the new
loop library playlist allowing you to
build up your own custom loop library
from your best loops to further shaped
your own sound with the s4 you could
even spin a full set just using loops
and you're still doing it in the style
of a real DJ so the crowd can follow
along this also eliminates the need to
start your sequencer load in tracks and
create your own edits of songs you can
now literally have all the tools you
need live
complementing the sample Dex is the new
loop recorder another unique and
exciting feature in Traktor Kontrol s4
it's located centrally in the mixer
section and can grab live audio for
example from the master out an input
source or even certain mixer channels to
be played back on top of your master
output think of it as your fifth Deccan
tractor the sampled audio will always
play back and sync with your decks and
it will loop you can set the loop length
and adjust the dry/wet ratio of the loop
recorder audio like you would with an
effects unit this opens up some exciting
possibilities for example you can record
a crazy effects build up with tractor to
get the crowd hyped and then keep it
looping before you drop in a new track
this is like doing mix automation in a
sequencer but performed live
so the bottom line is attractively
priced easy to use portable and
perfectly integrated using robust
hardware and industry leading software
Traktor Kontrol s4 is defining DJ
standards yet again